c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\GaleriUygulaması.dll.config
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\GaleriUygulaması.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\GaleriUygulaması.pdb
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\obj\Debug\GaleriUygulaması.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\obj\Debug\GaleriUygulaması.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\obj\Debug\GaleriUygulaması.pdb
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ilker\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\GaleriUygulaması\GaleriUygulaması\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\GaleriUygulaması.dll.config
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\GaleriUygulaması.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\GaleriUygulaması.pdb
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\obj\Debug\GaleriUygulaması.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\obj\Debug\GaleriUygulaması.dll
C:\Users\ilker\OneDrive\Belgeler\gallery-application-wtih-MVC-.NET\GaleriUygulaması\obj\Debug\GaleriUygulaması.pdb
